Come come
How is the condition good?
Thanks.
waiter
Give me all your most expensive and best dishes
Good to go
Come on, don't be so nervous
No, please.
All the consumption today will be paid by me, Wushao
How is that possible?
Wu Shao, this has to be my invitation, hey
How can I ask you to please?
I have dinner with girls
But never imitate those useless men
Let the girl pay the bill.
Don't feel like you have some money
Can be amazing
This meal is on me
What do you mean, kid?
You are a waiter who has been pinched by others.
Could it be that you still want to compare with me?
Okay, I'll compare it to you today.
So what?
Bingjiao
You saw it too
This kid doesn't know how to lift and don't know how high the world is
If I can't help but beat him up later
Don't blame me for being ruthless
Police, can you understand anything?
I'm going to transfer over in the morning to help you.
Why are you talking to him like that?
I just can't stand his self-righteousness
Another lofty attitude
Okay.
Let me tell you something.
If you talk to me like that again, I'll beat you up
Who the hell is talking so big?
Do you want to die?